Update docs for MWI GitHub Actions integration (#56835)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/machine-workload-identity/machine-id/deployment/github-actions.mdx

    - name: Fetch Teleport binaries
      uses: teleport-actions/setup@v1
      with:
        version: auto

>         # Use the address of the proxy server for your own cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Use the address of the Teleport Proxy Service for your own cluster.
```
Unless this is another proxy server—keeping naming consistent in the docs.

This comment applies to other mentions in this code snippet.

Author: [511b63b](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/56835/commits/511b63b2f4dfc50cef5c5670971c504f175a6c61)
